# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    ./bin/compile_dependencies.sh
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.18
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   geoip2
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pydantic
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   outcome
    #   trio
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
black==25.1.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
bleach==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-bleach
brotli==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   fonttools
bump2version==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   weasyprint
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via black
coverage==7.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
cssselect==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pyquery
cssselect2==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   weasyprint
diff-match-patch==20241021
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-import-export
django==5.1.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-admin-index
    #   django-bleach
    #   django-ckeditor
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-extra-views
    #   django-filter
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-js-asset
    #   django-modeltranslation
    #   django-recaptcha
    #   django-rosetta
    #   django-sendfile2
    #   django-sessionprofile
    #   django-sniplates
    #   django-solo
    #   django-taggit
    #   django-treebeard
    #   djangorestframework
    #   mail-cleaner
django-admin-index==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-autoslug==1.9.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-bleach==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-ckeditor==6.7.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-cors-headers==4.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-debug-toolbar==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-extensions==4.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-extra-views==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-filter==25.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   djangorestframework-filters
django-import-export==4.3.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-js-asset==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-ckeditor
django-loginas==0.3.11
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-modeltranslation==0.19.14
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-ordered-model==3.7.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-admin-index
django-recaptcha==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-rosetta==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-sendfile2==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-sessionprofile==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-sniplates==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-solo==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-taggit==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-treebeard==4.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-webtest==1.9.13
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
djangorestframework==3.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   djangorestframework-filters
djangorestframework-filters==1.0.0.dev2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   openpyxl
factory-boy==3.3.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
faker==37.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   factory-boy
flake8==7.2.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
fonttools==4.57.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   weasyprint
freezegun==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
furl==2.1.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
geoip2==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   wsproto
html2text==2025.4.15
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   weasyprint
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
    #   trio
    #   yarl
isort==6.0.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
lxml==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   lxml-html-clean
    #   mail-cleaner
    #   pyquery
lxml-html-clean==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
mail-cleaner==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
maxminddb==2.6.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   geoip2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via black
mysqlclient==2.2.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   furl
outcome==1.3.0.post0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
packaging==25.0
    # via black
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
pillow==11.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   weasyprint
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via black
polib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-rosetta
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
psycopg==3.2.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
pycodestyle==2.13.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.11.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pydantic
pydyf==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   weasyprint
pyflakes==3.3.2
    # via flake8
pylibmc==1.6.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
pyphen==0.17.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   weasyprint
pyquery==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   urllib3
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   freezegun
python-decouple==3.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-rosetta
    #   geoip2
    #   requests-mock
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-mock==1.12.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
selenium==4.32.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
sentry-sdk==2.27.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   bleach
    #   furl
    #   html5lib
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   trio
sorl-thumbnail==12.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   trio
soupsieve==2.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
tablib==3.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-import-export
tblib==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
tinycss2==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   bleach
    #   cssselect2
    #   weasyprint
trio==0.30.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.12.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   selenium
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   psycopg
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   selenium
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   faker
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   sentry-sdk
uwsgi==2.0.29
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
waitress==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
weasyprint==61.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   bleach
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
webob==1.8.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   selenium
webtest==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-webtest
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   trio-websocket
yarl==1.20.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   aiohttp
zopfli==0.2.3.post1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   fonttools
